# hello-world-polkadot

## Payout

### Polkadot
`1yrUupBDQhkYArLViHHuTtHRCBKAZTTU6PUcFpiDUF58wes`

### Kusama
`14aAEzNPLcHd9cX2ofZNyekRQcFDX76PyCnuRynzCqqhgGDa`

## Projects

20/18 completed

### [BEGINNER CHALLENGE] Set an identity on Kusama or Polkadot's development version 
https://github.com/brettkolodny/hello-world-by-polkadot/blob/main/onchain.png

### [BEGINNER CHALLENGES] Back-End Javascript
https://github.com/brettkolodny/polkablock

### [BEGINNER CHALLENGES] Front-End Javascript
https://github.com/brettkolodny/polkablock-web

### [INTERMEDIATE CHALLENGE] Smart contracts - write an ERC-20 smart contract with ink!
https://github.com/brettkolodny/polkadot-highfive

### [ADVANCED CHALLENGE] Smart contracts - Build a charity raffle
https://github.com/brettkolodny/polkadot-charity-raffle/

### [ECOSYSTEM CHALLENGE] Deploy on Moonbase Alpha using Truffle
https://github.com/brettkolodny/moonbase-alpha-truffle

### [ECOSYSTEM CHALLENGE] (Beginner) Build and Run a Local Phala Network
https://twitter.com/breadattempts/status/1321536556503601152

### [BEGINNER CHALLENGE] Launch a local Substrate development chain
https://github.com/brettkolodny/local-substrate/blob/main/Transactions.png

### [BEGINNER CHALLENGE] Deploying Solidity Contract on Plasm Network V1 
https://github.com/brettkolodny/plasm-flipper

### [BEGINNER CHALLENGES] Play with Westend
https://westend.subscan.io/extrinsic/2856215-1

### [ECOSYSTEM CHALLENGE] Using Remix and MetaMask on Moonbeam
`0xd55D24C8dC190cd26E6DBb83228D5ad4e3c63466`

### [BEGINNER CHALLENGE] Run a private Substrate network
https://github.com/brettkolodny/private-substrate-network

### [INTERMEDIATE CHALLENGE] Forkless Upgrades
https://github.com/brettkolodny/forkless-upgrade

### [INTERMEDIATE CHALLENGE] FRAME Identity: Set An Identity On A Local --Dev Chain
https://github.com/brettkolodny/identity-node

### [INTERMEDIATE CHALLENGE] FRAME Multisig
https://github.com/brettkolodny/polkadot-multisig-challenge

### [ECOSYSTEM CHALLENGE] Enable NFT Support
https://github.com/brettkolodny/acala-nft-node

### [BEGINNER CHALLENGE] Run A Kusama Or Polkadot Node And Add It To Telemetry
https://github.com/brettkolodny/polkadot-telemetry-node

### [INTERMEDIATE CHALLENGE] FRAME Development
https://github.com/brettkolodny/polkadot-frame-development

### [ADVANCED CHALLENGE] REST APIs - Build a transaction fee estimator
https://github.com/brettkolodny/transaction-fee-calculator

### [ECOSYSTEM CHALLENGE] Enable Multi-Currency Support
https://github.com/brettkolodny/multi-currency
